Update conditional-compilation.md (#1402)
rust-lang/reference: src/conditional-compilation.md

> _ConfigurationPredicateList_\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; _ConfigurationPredicate_ (`,` _ConfigurationPredicate_)<sup>\*</sup> `,`<sup>?</sup>

*Conditionally compiled source code* is source code that is compiled only under certain conditions. Source code can be made conditionally compiled using the [`cfg`] and [`cfg_attr`] [attributes] and the built-in [`cfg` macro]. Whether to compile can depend on the target architecture of the compiled crate, arbitrary values passed to the compiler, and other things further described below.

Each form of conditional compilation takes a _configuration predicate_ that
evaluates to true or false. The predicate is one of the following:

* A configuration option. The predicate is true if the option is set, and false if it is
  unset.

> * `all()` with a comma-separated list of configuration predicates. It is true precisely if all of the given predicates are true.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to be quite correct, since it doesn't seem to cover the empty list case (there are no true predicates in that case). Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
* `all()` with a comma-separated list of configuration predicates. It is true if all of the given predicates are true, or if the list is empty.
```

> * `any()` with a comma-separated list of configuration predicates. It is true precisely if at least one of the given predicates is true.

Reviewer: Similarly:

```suggestion
* `any()` with a comma-separated list of configuration predicates. It is true precisely if at least one of the given predicates is true. If there are no predicates, it is false.
```

> * `not()` with a configuration predicate. It is true precisely if the given predicate is false.

Reviewer: I don't feel like brevity of words here is helping. The original seemed sufficiently brief, and seemed a little clearer to me. I would suggest keeping this as it was before.

```suggestion
* * `not()` with a configuration predicate. It is true if its predicate is false
  and false if its predicate is true.
```

_Configuration options_ are either names or key-value pairs, and are either set or
unset. Configuration options that are names, such as `unix`, are specified by simply writing them.

> Configuration options that are key-value pairs are written in the form `key = "value"`, such as `target_arch = "x86_64"`.

Reviewer: The change here seems to remove some explicitness about the details of the format. That is, the words "written as a single identifier" and "Key-value pairs are written as an identifier, `=`, and then a string.".  The text needs to explicitly say what is the syntax and form. Just mentioning an example like `key = "value"` isn't sufficient to define what the syntax is.

<!-- should we say they're active attributes here? -->

The `cfg` [attribute] conditionally includes the thing it is attached to based

> on the given configuration predicate (_ConfigurationPredicate_ in the syntax above).

Reviewer: The original is written intentionally that way, since we agreed on a style of describing the syntax in prose in most cases, and to not defer to the grammar. Can this change be reverted?
